# Earth_VEX-setup-windows

This is a restaurant system windows application developed by Team VEX.


First set up Environment as follows:

1. Setting Up Environment for Andriod APP:

i)    Download the APk from this git on your android device with version 7.0 or later(Make sure unknown sources is allowed for install)
ii)   Now open command prompt on ur computer and hit ipconfig
iii)  Under it copy the ip address as listed in IPV4 address
iv)   Now open the application, you will get the ip address to edit. 
v)    Edit exactly as following: "http://(YOUR IP ADDRESS HERE FROM STEP iii )/save3.php"
vi)   Now click at "Hotel APP" at the top centre of your app.
vii)  Turn On bluetooth and connect to the printer in your kitchen.

2. Setting Up Environment for Windows APP:

i)     Download EarthVEXfinal0.1 folder and run setup.exe under the folder Debug on your system.
ii)    Go to: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/sql-server-express-localdb?view=sql-server-ver15
iii)   In the website above, you will see "Installation Media", Select SQL Server Express 2016
iv)    Once the file is downloaded, run it.
v)     Select Download Media from 3 options: Basic, custom and Download Media
vi)    Select language as English, Select LocalDB(44 MB) under package option, and select your location and click "Download"
vii)   Once Downloaded, open the file location and run the msi installer for LocalDD and install it.

viii)  Now download and Install Xampp for windows from: https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html 
ix)    Now download two zip files from this git: htdocs.zip and data.zip
x)     Extract htdocs.zip, copy and replace this htdocs folder to C:\xampp(usually xampp is installed here)
xi)    Extract data.zip, copy and replace this data foldeer to C:\xampp\mysql

xii)   Download and install brave browser from: https://brave.com/download/

You successfully set up all the dependencies for your system.
That was amazing! Now you are all set and ready to go!

Follow this:

1. Run xampp and select start for Apache and Mysql
2. Run Earth Desktop from your windows desktop
3. Hit username and password
4. Brave browser will open automatically, don't close it. Minimize it.

5. Congrats, You did it! Happily Use your system for your restaurant.




Team VEX always there for you:
Sachin Giri
Anis Shrestha
Sunil Shah
Suyogya Bhandari
